all right. I've done number ways for you to decompress and actually slow
down. Um, let's go with first by being at home. Home port? Well,
being important. So you're on a ship and you're important. One way to
decompress would be on the right home and a right to work. Used that
quiet time to gather your thoughts, to focus your thoughts, to shift
gears from being full throttle at work, to going home to re prioritizing
things by being with your family. So keep this in mind. Never
take your work home, Leave work at work. And so when you walk outside
of that, uh, offer the quarterdeck, take your hard hat off, take
cover off figuratively and leave it at work. So you go home, Go be
with your family on that ride home. Decompress. Get those thoughts
out. Think about things that you that don't involve work. And then when
you get home, focus on your family while you're deployed, say, on
the ship for a time period, you decompress by working out by doing
and being actively engaged in certain hobbies that you might you might
be involved in. I think about things like maybe playing video games,
reading magazines, reading a book. There's, ah, brief period before
you say you're about to go hit the rack for the night. Take about
20 minutes. Thio. You know, pray, read a book, watch a movie, watch
video, watch something to help decompress prior to going to sleep.